Providers 
The main idea of providers is that they can be injected as a dependency.

They are usually registered in a @Module() decorator 
they helps nest to be able to build it as a dependency and it to IOC 

They are usually defined in the providers prop , 
using a text token,class name or naem of file
```@Module(
    providers:[Provider]
)```

this registatation makes any class to inject any provider in its constructor
```constructor(private provider:Provider){} ```
you dont need to define the instantiation as Nest does that for you.
the private is important

Lets Move to different ways you can define providers especially in a module

- Standard way
    * @Module(providers: [Provider])

    The cool thing about this is that it simply translates to this 
    or rather a short form of this

    * @Module(
        providers: [
            provide:Provider
            useClass:Provider
        ]
    )

What wrong with defining providers the standard way 
    it doesn't alllow for customization , especially during 
    instantiation and the return instance of the provider

    by default Nest helps with instantiation and it usually
    use a singleton in that it only returns one instance
    of provider class...

    for some detialed reasons why you might not want to use
    the standard way:
    - You want to create a custom instance instead of having Nest instantiate 
      (or return a cached instance of) a class
    - You want to re-use an existing class in a second dependency
    - You want to override a class with a mock version for testing

Lets look at ways we can change this and create a trully 
CUSTOM PROVIDER(Instantation)

- (1) Value Providers
     The useValue is used to inject constant value or a mock Object 
     this forces Nest to use the value provided instead
    @Module(
        providers:[
            provide:Provider
            useValue: ProviderMockObject
        ]
    )

- (2) Non-class-based provider tokens
    Using String Provider tokens
    the value here is the actual provider value

    ```import { connection } from './connection';
        @Module({
        providers: [
            {
            provide: 'CONNECTION',
            useValue: connection,
            },
        ],
        })
        export class AppModule {}
    ```
    We have previously seen how to inject with the standard
    constructor based injector pattern. 
    This pattern requires that the dependency be declared with a class name.
    The 'CONNECTION' custom provider uses a string-valued token. 
    Let's see how to inject such a provider. 
    To do so, we use the @Inject() decorator. 
    This decorator takes a single argument - the token.

    ```@Injectable()
    export class CatsRepository {
    constructor(@Inject('CONNECTION') connection: Connection) {}
    }```

-(3) CLASS PROVIDERS Way
    The use class allows to dynamically determine a class that a token
    should resolve to.
    For example, suppose we have an abstract (or default) ConfigService class. 
    Depending on the current environment, we want Nest to provide a different 
    implementation of the configuration service. 
    The following code implements such a strategy.
    ```
        const configServiceProvider = {
        provide: ConfigService,
        useClass:
            process.env.NODE_ENV === 'development'
            ? DevelopmentConfigService
            : ProductionConfigService,
        };

        @Module({
        providers: [configServiceProvider],
        })
        export class AppModule {}
    ```
-(4) USE FACTORY
    is used to create providers dynamically,
    it allows for a provider to be able to call and use
    providers it depends oneven before it gets injected itself
    the actual provider is what the factory returns 

    ```
        const connectionProvider = {
        provide: 'CONNECTION',
        useFactory: (optionsProvider: OptionsProvider, optionalProvider?: string) => {
            const options = optionsProvider.get();
            return new DatabaseConnection(options);
        },
        inject: [OptionsProvider, { token: 'SomeOptionalProvider', optional: true }],
        //       \_____________/            \__________________/
        //        This provider              The provider with this
        //        is mandatory.              token can resolve to `undefined`.
        };

        @Module({
        providers: [
            connectionProvider,
            OptionsProvider,
            // { provide: 'SomeOptionalProvider', useValue: 'anything' },
        ],
        })
        export class AppModule {}

    ```

-(5) Alias providers: useExisting# 
-(6) Non-service based providers 
-(7) Non-service based providers#
-(8) Export custom provider











