Exceptions are handle errors in nestjs
We have a couple of built in exceptions which are mostly
Htpp Related Exceptions .

In Nest we can create custom exception for other kind of 
exceptions that might not be http related.

# Custom Exception
`export class ForbiddenException extends HttpException {`
  `constructor() {`
    `super("Forbidden", HttpStatus.FORBIDDEN)`
 ` }`
`}`

//Using ForbiddenException
// @Get()
// async findAll() {
//   throw new ForbiddenException();
// }

All the built-in exceptions can also provide both an error cause and an error description using the options parameter:


`throw new BadRequestException('Something bad happened', {` `cause: new Error(), description: 'Some error ``description' })`
Using the above, this is how the response would look:

`{`
  `"message": "Something bad happened",`
 ` "error": "Some error description",`
 ` "statusCode": 400,`
`}`
description in Exceptions translates to error

# Exception filters
While the base (built-in) exception filter can automatically handle many cases for you, you may want full control over the exceptions layer. For example, you may want to add logging or use a different JSON schema based on some dynamic factors. Exception filters are designed for exactly this purpose. They let you control the exact flow of control and the content of the response sent back to the client.

To do this we would need access to request and respone object.
Request obj to getreq url and Response Onject to send our custom response.

eg.
`@Catch(HttpException)`
`export class HttpExceptionFilter implements ExceptionFilter {`
  `catch(exception: HttpException, host: ArgumentsHost) {`
    `const ctx = host.switchToHttp();`
    `const response = ctx.getResponse<Response>();`
    `const request = ctx.getRequest<Request>();`
   `const status = exception.getStatus();`

    response.status(status)
      .json({
        statusCode: status,
        timestamp: new Date().toISOString(),
        path: request.url,
      });
  `}`
`}`

HINT
All exception filters should implement the generic ExceptionFilter<T> interface. This requires you to provide the catch(exception: T, host: ArgumentsHost) method with its indicated signature. T indicates the type of the exception.
The @Catch(HttpException) decorator binds the required metadata to the exception filter, telling Nest that this particular filter is looking for exceptions of type HttpException and nothing else. The @Catch() decorator may take a single parameter, or a comma-separated list. This lets you set up the filter for several types of exceptions at once.

# Binding filters
Let's tie our new HttpExceptionFilter to the CatsController's create() method.

cats.controller.ts

@Post()
@UseFilters(new HttpExceptionFilter())
async create(@Body() createCatDto: CreateCatDto) {
  throw new ForbiddenException();
}

In the example above, the HttpExceptionFilter is applied only to the single create() route handler, making it method-scoped. Exception filters can be scoped at different levels: method-scoped, controller-scoped, or global-scoped. For example, to set up a filter as controller-scoped, you would do the following:

cats.controller.tsJS

@UseFilters(new HttpExceptionFilter())
export class CatsController {}

This construction sets up the HttpExceptionFilter for every route handler defined inside the CatsController.

To create a global-scoped filter, you would do the following:

main.ts

async function bootstrap() {
  const app = await NestFactory.create(AppModule);
  app.useGlobalFilters(new HttpExceptionFilter());
  await app.listen(3000);
}
bootstrap();